_
[ Men chanting
in native language ]
[ Church bell tolls ]
_
[ Indistinct shouting ]
You lie.
[ Breathing heavily ]
Would a simple servant of God
have this?
You're no more a priest
than I am.
Here's your burning bush.
So talk to your God.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[ Keypad beeps ]
[ Ringing ]
This is Burke.
OP-SEC 3828.
We have a situation.
Sync and corrections by n17t01
www.addic7ed.com
[ Knock on door ]
Officer Collins.
Martin Wilcox.
We spoke on the phone.
Of course. Detective.
thanks for coming.
Susan. this is Detective Wilcox
with Metro PD.
I've brought him up to speed.
Mrs. Ames. we'll do whatever
we can to find your husband.
Thanks.
Eugene disappears sometimes
to Atlantic City. once to Vegas.
but he always calls.
and he's never gone
for more than a few days.
And I understand
there's some incident
that happened before
his absence--
Eugene came home.
He said he got an anonymous tip
about trespassers over
by one of the marina docks.
The Lieutenant went
to check it out.
came back about an hour later.
said he got
the scare of his life.
He ran into an FBI agent
on one of the old ships.
said she pulled out a gun
as he was boarding.
An FBI agent?
Said the FBI was looking
for two fugitives
who escaped Cumberland
the night before.
If something happened to Eugene.
it's got to be one of them.
Don't you think?
This agent
he spoke with--
is there any chance
your husband got a name?
He did better than that.
She gave him a card.
Special Agent Elizabeth Keen.
Aram: I've never seen
anything like it.
What is it?
I don't know.
It was... I think it contains
some kind of message.
Where'd you get it?
I need you to see
if you can figure out
what it is. how it works.
There are people
who are far more qualified
at this kind of thing than me.
But none that I know and trust.
- [ Footsteps approaching ]
Red: - I hope I'm interrupting.
Yes.
No. No.
You're not answering
your phone.
So leave a message.
Dembe did.
Two. in fact.
We have a new case. Agent Keen.
Then tell Cooper.
That's not how this works.
I think I left my soup
in the microwave.
Lobster bisque.
Liz: I know exactly how
this works.
You lie.
say what you need to say
to make me believe
you actually care--
That's not true.
You're after the Fulcrum.
It's why you're here.
Not to help me or protect me
or whatever spin
you're selling today.
Well. I'm not buying it.
From this point on.
there's no reason for us to talk
unless it's about the work.
Fine.
Then let's work.
I think you'll find
today's most intriguing story
on page 20.
bottom-left corner.
"According to Uzbek authorities.
Father Aleksandr Nabiyev.
a local priest in the Tashkent
Region of Uzbekistan"--
You're intrigued
because a priest was kidnapped?
No. I'm intrigued because
the priest is not a priest.
From what I hear.
the good Father Nabiyev
is an agent of the CIA.
That's a crime. Agent Keen.
Going back to the Cold War.
the CIA has a long
and controversial history
of using religious figures
as spies
in violation
of executive orders.
internal CIA policy.
and promises made
by every president since Ford.
And you know who kidnapped
this agent?
I do.
Unfortunately.
he's an associate of mine.
His name is Ruslan Denisov.
He commands a nasty.
little band of separatists
known as SRU.
Translated. they are
the supreme republic
of a free. righteous.
and independent Uzbekistan.
I told Ruslan
it was a bit much.
but he can be
quite melodramatic.
not to mention violent
and entirely unreasonable.
Politics are his passion.
and to fund
his separatist agenda.
he's become something
of an abduction mogul.
specializing in senior executives
of foreign corporations
working in or passing
through the region.
He holds them for ransom
at prices far above
market standard.
Your company has made it clear
it has no interest
in paying for your release.
And you do business
with this man?
Don't underestimate
the usefulness
of a nasty band
of armed separatists.
But lately.
Ruslan's been breaking promises.
His temper has cost
me and my partners
considerably more
than he's worth.
So everybody wins.
You help us rescue the agent.
we eliminate
a thorn in your side.
Careful on this one. Lizzy.
You have more than
just a blacklister
to worry about this time.
The CIA will do whatever
it takes to keep this quiet.
Aram:
Richard Gagnon. Executive VP
for a French video-component
manufacturer.
- Here he is before he was taken...
- [ Keyboard clacking ]
...and here he is
the day SRU released him
in exchange
for $2 million cash.
We have a list
of over 30 victims.
Navabi:
I don't understand.
This guy makes a fortune
taking corporate execs.
Now he takes a CIA agent.
Why change the business model?
Let's find him and ask.
Aram: I'm sorry.
but people's faith is sacred.
Religion should be off-limits
to spies.
Wouldn't work in my country.
Yeah. well.
the Agency knows the law.
so they've gone this far.
something big is going on
in that area.
Wright: It's a simple question.
Mr. Heyworth.
Is Father Nabiyev
an operative of the CIA or not?
We all know
that would be illegal.
That's not an answer
to my question.
Not to my knowledge.
Look.
I didn't call this meeting
to make a case
against the Agency.
We're here because I have
an informant
who I think can help get
your man back safely.
If he were our man--
and I'm saying "If"--
the Agency would prefer
to handle this on its own.
If an American citizen's
been kidnapped overseas.
that's FBI jurisdiction.
If he's your asset.
I can keep you involved.
If not. you're out.
Agent Cooper. your task force
will run point
on the investigation
and any hostage negotiations.
My people can leave tonight.
_
Liz:
Commander Kushan.
I'm Agent Keen.
This is Agent Ressler.
On behalf of the Bureau.
we appreciate your help.
Let me be very clear.
Agent Keen.
It is you who are here
to help me.
This is an Uzbek
military operation.
All due respect. sir.
an American citizen
has been abducted.
Which is why we have extended
the courtesy of our invitation.
But you will not be negotiating
with Ruslan Denisov.
and you will not
be negotiating with me.
And you will turn over
your firearms.
If that's a problem and you wish
to return to your country--
No. No problem.
My men will escort you
to your hotel.
We're being watched.
1:00.
I didn't notice him.
I was too busy checking out
Hugo Boss on the corner.
Whoever he is. he isn't a fed.
That suit wasn't bought
on a government salary.
The other one.
the watercolorist.
she--
legs like a shot-putter.
She gets me in this headlock.
I black out.
Next thing I know. I wake up.
no sheets. vaseline everywhere.
The lipstick
on the mirror overhead reads.
"Same time next year?"
I haven't missed
an art expo in Basel since.
Lizzy!
Please excuse me.
What are you doing here?
I promised to help.
I can't be
an effective resource
if I'm thousands of miles
from the action.
It's not safe.
We just saw the CIA
at the airport.
- They see you--
- I'll be sure to say hello.
Uzbekistan
has no extradition treaty
with the United States.
Who are your friends
over there?
Go get cleaned up.
We'll have dinner.
I know a wonderful
little hole in the wall
that's actually
in a hole in the wall.
[ Elevator bell dings ]
What's going on
with you and Reddington?
You two have
a little lovers' quarrel?
I don't trust him.
Reddington's untrustworthy?
Hmm.
[ Elevator creaks. thuds ]
Aah!
Welcome to my country.
Denisov:
The FBI in Uzbekistan--
for a year.
I tried to get your attention.
Now here you are
because the only thing Americans
understand is violence.
If you know so much
about Americans.
you'd know that our government
doesn't pay ransoms
to terrorists.
One man's terrorist.
another man's freedom fighter.
I don't want your money--
not for myself. anyway.
As you can see.
business is good.
I took your Agent Burke
for another reason completely.
Burke--
that's his name?
Almost 25 years ago.
my country sold
an American company. Anneca Oil.
the rights to build a pipeline
through Tashkent
to Andijan Region.
The price was absurd.
The Uzbek people received
a fraction of the value.
Corruption--
well. you know.
These things happen.
and I don't care.
But now.
the pipeline is leaking.
Leaking?
Hundreds of villagers
have been killed.
hundreds more are sick.
and the company does nothing.
Our lawyers are no match
for your wealthy attorneys.
The American embassy
looks away.
The CIA is here.
watching. doing nothing.
reporting on any threats
to your American interests.
Mr. Denisov--
I took one of theirs.
A vice president of Anneca Oil.
I tell him
that there are chemicals
in the water that we drink.
that our children bathe in.
But he says no.
The company did tests.
The water is safe.
So I did a test of my own.
I give him back to you now
to show you my good faith
so you can show the others
the truth.
The negotiations for
your Agent Burke begin tomorrow.
We saw hostages. at least four.
I don't think
Agent Burke was one.
but he's probably there.
We have got to find
that compound.
That won't be easy.
The local army
can't even find them.
Well. we got your photo
of the guy Denisov released--
the Anneca VP--
compared it to known
company execs
and got a match--
Jeffrey Hanover.
How long ago was he taken?
That's the thing.
I don't know.
From what I can tell.
Anneca never
reported him missing.
- You're kidding.
- They tried to handle it privately.
If that pipeline is leaking.
the last thing they want
is attention.
Yeah. well.
I'll tell you one thing.
Whatever it was
eating at Hanover's flesh.
it wasn't just water.
Female doctor:
He should survive.
His skin has been burned.
corroded.
And the chemicals?
It's certainly consistent
with prolonged exposure
to benzene
and polycyclic hydrocarbons
commonly associated
with oil development.
Thank you. Doctor.
Agent Ressler.
Dean Walker. EVP at Anneca.
Just wanted to say thanks
for bringing Jeff home.
It's all part of the job.
I just flew in.
Company sent me straightaway.
If there's anything you need.
I'm here to help.
Yeah. I doubt that.
We saw you this morning
watching us at the airport.
How long have you really
been here?
Three weeks.
The company sent me
to deal with Denisov.
see if we could
work something out.
Privately?
Jeff's family
wanted it that way.
They were afraid
if the FBI got involved--
Maybe you're the ones
who were afraid.
Anneca's got nothing to hide.
This leak
Denisov keeps talking about--
he the one responsible.
It's a scam.
His men sabotage the pipeline
and then demand a fortune
because the locals
are getting sick.
Kushan: So this is how
you respect my operation?
I told you.
you have no authority here.
Denisov contacted us.
Commander. I know
this is your case.
but if denisov wants
to talk to the FBI--
Not an option.
It's an option if Denisov says
it's an option.
He's the one who's holding
an American hostage.
Yes. a Frenchman. a German.
and many others.
I'm sorry. You can't order us
not to talk to him.
I could arrest
you and your partner
for interfering
in my investigation.
Ressler:
What investigation?
You've been tracking this guy
and his group for over a year.
He's still abducting
innocent people.
holding them for ransom--
You and your partner
will remain at the Tashlan Hotel
under military guard.
If you try to leave.
your stay in Uzbekistan
will be a lot longer
than you bargained for. hmm?
Red: Well. you certainly
make friends fast.
[ Ice cube clinks ]
Truth is. I'm impressed.
Not with you--
with Ruslan.
He never really struck me
as a man of the people.
The guy's a psychopath.
He's in over his head.
He doesn't know anything
about pipelines.
Agent Keen is late.
She's having room service.
What. are you in the doghouse?
Oh. that's a shame.
She's gonna miss
the most tantalizingly delicious
khorem baklava.
Ruslan's a criminal.
Even if Anneca
comes to the table.
Denisov would have no idea
what to ask for.
The guy doesn't even know enough
to know what he wants.
The lawyers
would eat him for lunch.
You may be right.
When's the next sit-down?
Tomorrow morning.
Well. given your new entourage.
I gather you may need
my help to attend.
Actually.
I think we've got that covered.
[ Elevator bell dings ]
[ Elevator creaks. thuds ]
Mr. Denisov. thank you for
your willingness to talk to us.
The Bureau spoke
with Anneca Oil.
and the good news is.
they want to fix this.
That is good news.
To be honest.
I was a little worried.
I mean. who am I?
I'm just a criminal.
I don't even know enough
to know what I want.
I will not be negotiating
this deal myself.
I've decided to bring in
a professional.
someone to make sure
that the company lawyers
don't eat me for lunch.
Mr. Denisov.
it is my pleasure to be here.
Hello.
My name is Raymond Reddington.
And you are?
I've spoken to my agents.
They assure me
Agent Burke is alive.
So. where are we?
My people are concerned.
They were driven to a village
less than 40 miles
from the SRU compound.
They saw the damage being done
by the pipeline firsthand.
Wait. Your people know where
the compound is located?
They don't know
the exact location.
but based on drive time and
the terrain they encountered.
we think the compound
is somewhere near
the southeast base
of the Zarafshan Range.
We can have a black-ops team
on the ground tonight.
That would be a mistake.
We don't know with certainty
if Agent Burke is even there.
I'm willing
to take that chance.
And destroy the trust they're
trying to build with Denisov
as well as endanger the lives
of those still on the ground?
I agree.
At this point.
a raid is premature.
Agent Cooper. I'm assuming
your informant can be
of assistance on this one?
From what I hear. he's right
at the center of this.
Then we stay the course
for now.
Red: I will see to it
that every one of your interests
and expectations
are met or exceeded.
What the hell are you doing?
I'm sorry. It's been a while
since I've done one of these.
Did I screw up already?
You're not really gonna
negotiate for Denisov. are you?
You're the one who insisted
that our interaction
be strictly professional.
You gave us this case
to help us get the agent back.
not represent the other side.
Agent Keen. in this world.
there are no sides.
only players.
Are we really supposed
to sit here
and hammer out a deal?
Absolutely not.
I was thinking
we might get out for a bit.
The first day of negotiation
is rather like
the first day of school.
Get out?
Where?
Let's go on a field trip.
shall we?
[ Goat bleats ]
Denisov:
What you're smelling is benzene.
a common pollutant
in oil production.
It's in the air we breathe
and the food we eat.
This way.
We boil all our water
for drinking
and add andrographis
to counteract the toxins.
Does that work?
No.
Carcinogens are ingested
and cause melanomas.
damage internal organs--
lung. liver.
and kidney failure.
Somewhere. 6.000 miles away.
a group of bean counters
in a boardroom
did a cost-benefit analysis
and concluded that these people
aren't worth
the cost of responsibly
maintaining their pipeline.
Ressler:
The exec I talked to.
he said your men were sabotaging
the pipeline.
Said it was a scam.
My youngest brother died
of benzene poisoning last year.
So. who's the hostage here.
Agent Burke
or these poor devils?
Look. I don't care
what math they did.
No company can ignore this.
It's bad for business.
Only if someone
can prove the truth.
Anneca spends a fortune
on lobbyists
to make sure
that doesn't happen.
Maybe we can contact
the State Department.
see if they can apply
some pressure...
try and clean up this mess.
And I can see to it
that Agent Burke
is released unharmed.
See?
No sides.
Only players.
[ Cellphone rings ]
Keen.
Wilcox: Agent Keen.
I'm glad I caught you.
You know. you're not
an easy woman to reach.
I'm sorry.
Who is this?
Detective Martin Wilcox.
Metro PD.
Assistant Director Cooper's
office gave me your number.
I hope I caught you
at an okay time.
What's up. Detective?
I'm looking into
this missing-persons case.
The vic actually works
for the PD.
It's a Lieutenant Ames.
DC harbormaster.
How can I help?
I heard that you two
ran into each other
up on one of the harbor rigs.
It looks like you gave him
one of your business cards.
Right. Right.
I think you said
something about the FBI
searching for fugitives
out of Cumberland.
Thing is.
I-I've made a few calls.
and nobody seems to know
anything about it.
Well. that's because
it didn't happen.
It was a cover.
I couldn't share why with
the Lieutenant at the time.
Is there any chance
you can share it with me now?
Might help me clear this case.
I'm sorry.
Well. you're gonna
have to tell me something.
I mean.
you being out there alone.
drawing your weapon.
giving a false story--
it raises some questions.
I've already said
more than I can say.
May I ask-- Lieutenant Ames--
who reported him missing?
His wife.
Married 32 years.
Oh.
Well. I hope you find him.
Detective.
Good luck.
[ Uzbek folk music plays ]
Liz: You told Ruslan
the State Department was open
to the idea of an inquiry.
You haven't touched
your baklava.
You told him.
and he's not interested?
Just one bite.
I didn't come here
for the baklava.
I came here to talk
about the negotiation.
- [ Tango music plays ]
- [ Applause ]
Red: Ah.
A Russian milonga.
Watch closely. Lizzy.
Everything you need to know
about negotiation
is there in the tango milonga.
We've got eyes
on the SRU compound.
Heyworth:
You spoke to Commander Kushan?
Yes. sir. He understands
we want this resolved tonight.
I want full deniability
for the Agency.
Get out in public.
far away when this happens.
We've been ordered
to stand down.
but local authorities
dealing with local issues--
nothing we can do about that.
Understood.
[ Tango music continues ]
At the outset.
they are opponents.
Each has something
the other wants.
They size one another up.
assessing risk.
setting boundaries.
challenging each other
to breach them.
A sensuous battle--
violence and sex...
balanced on the blade
of a knife.
Nothing given
that is not earned--
nothing taken
that is not given.
This is the pure essence
of negotiation.
Not a poker game.
but a milonga.
A tango.
A seduction.
What's wrong?
Everything.
Commander. we have searched
all the buildings.
There is no sign
of the hostages.
including the American.
When exactly did this happen?
Cooper:
Last night around 2100 hours.
Uzbek Special Forces
are reporting
a full-scale raid
of the compound.
It was the CIA--
the man in the restaurant.
he wanted to be seen in public.
What about Burke?
They went this damn far. they
better have found him alive.
According to
the official report.
they haven't found him at all.
It was an all-out assault.
At least a dozen SRU fighters
were killed
by an army unit led by--
Commander Kushan.
How the hell did he know
how to find the compound?
Heyworth.
That son of a bitch
was ordered to stand down.
[ Knock on door ]
- Who's on the phone?
- Cooper.
Harold! Good.
I want you to hear this.
Reddington.
you know this wasn't our move.
The CIA--
The CIA did what the CIA does.
I expected as much.
which is why Agent Burke
and the other hostages
were moved from that compound.
The question is
why on earth you would share
the compound's location
with the very people
I advised you not to trust.
I'll deal with Heyworth.
Oh. Heyworth is the least
of your troubles now.
I warned you about Denisov.
I told you
he was violent and unstable.
How do you think he'll react
to losing a dozen of his men?
You think he'll kill Burke?
I have no idea.
But now I'm afraid
Denisov may not trust me.
and I certainly
don't trust you.
The negotiations are over.
Denisov:
I was stupid to trust you!
Red: Ruslan.
I was stupid to think
that they respected us
or would deal with us fairly!
Take a breath.
I told you to move
the hostages. You did.
Your assets are intact.
He was left behind
at the compound.
abandoned by his commander.
Ruslan. he's more valuable
alive than dead.
Not to me.
I hope that made you
feel better.
Apparently not.
[ Breathing heavily ]
Aah!
The CIA killed you.
you understand?
They did this!
Sacrifice the bishop.
Reykjavík. '72.
God. I can remember it
like it was yesterday.
I was in Steven Bash's rec room
down in the basement.
eating fried egg
and bologna sandwich
when he did it.
Did what?
Who did?!
Bobby Fischer.
It was game 13.
move 50--
rook takes bishop. B5.
He sacrificed his bishop.
[ Slaps leg ]
That's when Russia lost
the Cold War.
It was staggering.
Spassky had no answer
because he had no endgame.
and neither do you.
When you capture and kill
a CEO.
you incur
the wrath of a company.
When you capture and kill
a CIA agent.
you incur the wrath
of the US government.
That's boots on the ground.
drones overhead.
What will be your answer
to that?
My men were murdered.
- A message has to be sent.
- [ Grunts ]
You're only seeing
the next move.
People have been pillaging
your country's resources
since time began.
Someone has to offer
a better alternative.
That someone could be you.
Ruslan. there is an endgame here
that you don't yet see.
But you see it.
don't you. Agent Burke?
I don't know
what you're talking about.
Denisov here
is so blinded by anger.
he thinks this problem started
when he became aware of it.
But you and I both know
that's not true.
Why don't you tell us
about Zhabin?
I don't know anything.
The CIA put you here
for a reason.
They violated their own policy
and federal law
to hide you among locals
because there's a secret
they want to protect.
Now tell us about Zhabin.
No.
Make no mistake.
Mr. Burke.
My friend here is still making
the bed he'll have to lie in
for the rest of his life.
But my bed is made.
and I assure you
my bed accommodates
a broad spectrum of behavior.
So you tell us what little
you know about Zhabin.
or I'll put you
in the ground myself.
Give me the gun.
Leonid Zhabin--
he's the former
cabinet minister.
part of the old Soviet regime.
Ran this whole region from
the late '70s to the early '90s.
A ruthless. corrupt. evil man.
He gave Anneca the right
to build the pipeline.
And in return.
he got a massive kickback
and piece
of the ownership interest.
Possibly insane.
very religious now.
as if that can save him.
All these sick people
are his fault.
[ Mutters ]
_
Red:
Maybe he doesn't like you.
For you. I'm afraid absolution
won't be quite so easy
to obtain.
I need all the details
of exactly how the Anneca
Oil rights were sold--
for how much.
including gratuities.
contingencies.
and all the participants.
I want absolution
in the next world.
not a life in prison
in this one.
Understandable.
But it's the confession.
not the priest.
that gives us absolution.
[ Gurgling. muffled shouting ]
[ Gasping ]
The US government says
this isn't torture.
What do you think?
[ Gurgling ]
Let me talk. please.
Look at yourself.
Rich as croesus.
and you let Anneca Oil
poison your own countrymen.
We didn't just poison
our countrymen.
We killed them.
hundreds of them.
Looks like
we're hostages now. too.
Ressler.
I think I'm in trouble.
You think you--
I got a call from Metro PD.
They've got
a missing-persons case.
the DC harbormaster.
He showed up
where I was holding Tom.
Whoa. whoa.
Whatever you're about
to confess. Keen. don't.
I didn't kill him.
I didn't.
It was Tom.
Tom?
Why would Tom kill
the one person
in a position to rescue him?
To protect me.
I realize
how insane that sounds.
I met the harbormaster
the first time he showed up
and gave him my card.
told him I was there
searching for two fugitives.
You lied to him.
To explain why I was there.
I had no idea
Tom would kill him.
I tried to stop it.
Was there witnesses?
Somebody must have been
watching Tom
while you weren't there.
There was someone.
Thanks for coming down.
Look. I don't think
I can help you.
You can't keep me here.
Take it easy.
Nobody's keeping you here.
Just want to ask you
a few questions.
then you're free to go.
Wilcox: Tell me about
Elizabeth Keen.
[ Cellphone ringing ]
Where have you been?
Good news.
I've reconsidered our position.
Negotiations will resume
immediately.
Did you talk to Denisov?
No questions.
Burke's dead. isn't he?
No.
We have new evidence to present.
There is one proviso. however.
That mouthpiece from Anneca.
the one you spoke to?
Bring him along.
Wait. wait.
We can't leave.
Kushan's doubled
the guards outside.
It's too risky.
I may need to have a chat
with this Commander Kushan.
We'll come to you.
See you in an hour.
We've been through this.
I don't know
what you're talking about.
Well...
you are Samuel Aleko.
the same Samuel Aleko
who was the custodian
for an abandoned vessel
docked in DC harbor.
a rig called the Phoenix.
Zebra mussels.
Yeah. I got to say. Sam.
I've seen guys tripped up
by a lot of things.
but zebra mussels?
Yeah. that's a first.
[ Papers rustling ]
Ah. there it is.
Yeah. see?
Y-y-you-- you spoke
to the shellfish inspector.
and y-you refused
to let him board.
and you promised
to vacate the slip.
See?
I know you were there.
You gentleman are doing
a wonderful job.
Sorry. Sorry.
Traffic coming into the city.
Price of progress.
This is Dean Walker
from Anneca.
Who's this?
The smoking gun.
Ugh!
That sounded dramatic.
Leonid Zhabin.
This is the new evidence
that you were talking about.
Ex-minister Zhabin hasn't been
in power for 20 years.
and with all due respect. sir.
the man is not mentally well.
Perhaps not.
but "In a mad world.
only the mad are sane."
Kurosawa.
What the hell
is he talking about?
History. Mr. Walker.
My new friend knows
a great deal
about the history
of your company's pipeline.
History is not new evidence.
Or maybe it is.
As it turns out.
we do agree on one key detail.
Your company's current pipeline
is not the worst thing
on earth.
Then what is?
The first pipeline--
the one Anneca built in 1988.
four years before
the current one.
Is that what he told you?
The man is delusional.
Probably.
There was only one pipeline.
We broke ground to build it
in '92.
Read the contracts.
You're right.
The contracts do say that.
It started
before the Wall fell.
Uzbekistan was still
a constituent republic
of the Soviet Union.
Mr. Gorbachev
was changing our future.
I was allowed
to secretly open our markets
for an American pipeline.
This is fiction.
I sold the rights to them
that year.
and they built
the first pipeline right away.
You couldn't even wait
to do it right!
We were all so greedy.
The first line was
an unmitigated disaster.
Hundreds were killed.
Whole villages became ill.
I still see their faces.
Then the Soviet Union collapsed.
and all hell broke loose.
Anneca paid Mr. Zhabin
to orchestrate a cover-up.
Bury the dead.
destroy any record that
the first pipeline ever existed.
It wasn't the only disaster
cloaked by those
momentous events.
hidden from view in the fog
of a new world order.
It's a good story.
But that's all it is--
a story from a crazy old man.
Who happened to keep a complete
set of the original documents
in the hope that. one day.
he might find the courage
to set things right.
You engineers did better
the second time around.
At least this one took 20 years
to start leaking.
If this is true
and Anneca is responsible for
hundreds of people's deaths.
then you and the other high-level
executives will be prosecuted.
Reparations can be paid
to the alleged victims.
We can fix this.
Reparations
are all well and good.
but the people I represent
don't want you to fix it.
They don't?
No.
The Uzbek people
have had quite enough
of Anneca's promises.
They want you to leave.
Pack up your pipeline
and leave.
[ Scoffs ]
That won't happen.
Mr. Denisov thought you might
need some additional incentive.
so Mr. Zhabin was kind enough
to direct him
to one of the mass graves
where victims of the first
pipeline are buried.
His men are
on their way there now.
I can stop them
if we have a deal.
[ Clears throat ]
Can I get some water. please?
Oh! Yes! Of course.
This is the water they drink
in the villages.
the ones directly above
your pipeline.
Drink up.
Talk to your board.
You have 24 hours
until we go public.
[ Camera shutter clicks ]
Effective immediately.
Anneca Oil has elected
to cease operation
of its local pipeline.
And we are thrilled to announce
some exciting
and highly profitable
new initiatives on the horizon.
We got to go.
SRU just confirmed--
Agent Burke's being released.
Where?
Drop point outside the city.
...construction
of three new schools
for the people
of this great country.
Thank you.
And now I'll take a few questions.
Commander Kushan.
It's good to meet you.
I've heard nothing
but terrible things.
What kind of deal
are we talking about?
It all depends
on what you got to say.
how valuable it is to the case.
I can take you to the body.
Is that valuable enough?
They should be here
any time now.
Director Heyworth.
the agents are on site.
Please advise.
Do not move until they take
possession of the asset.
SOG team is standing by
in the perimeter.
awaiting your go.
Once the exchange is complete.
I want Reddington
taken into custody.
If Denisov shows. kill him.
Car's arriving now. sir.
Team Leader. stand by.
Can you confirm
Reddington is in the vehicle?
Affirmative.
Agent Burke.
Welcome back.
Man:
We have eyes on target.
Reddington's
out of the car. sir.
Nobody moves
until I give the order.
Hey. Arnold.
Sir. I tried to stop him.
You and I have a problem.
Take a step back. Harold.
You ignored
a Justice Department directive.
You told Kushan
how to find that compound.
- You can't prove that.
- You and I both know
my people are there
to protect an asset of yours.
- I can neither confirm nor deny--
- If anything happens to those agents.
the next time your phone rings.
it'll be
the Attorney General calling.
Man: Sir. standing by
for your order.
Sir. our window's closing.
Requesting authorization
to take immediate action.
Stand down.
[ Receiver slams ]
I need your help.
Commander Kushan and his men
are at my compound.
His men are.
If you can get me
out of the country--
I can.
But I won't.
They will arrest me.
Perhaps.
Sooner or later.
we all must pay for our crimes.
[ Knock on box ]
Is Kushan...
You still don't see it. do you?
The endgame.
You could run this country.
Ruslan.
What you've done
is that important.
You brought a multinational
corporation to its knees.
saved countless lives.
You'll make this country
billions.
You may go to prison for a bit.
But you will emerge a hero.
One of the few
standing in your way
is Commander Kushan.
[ Knock on box ]
Well. not standing.
[ Mavis Staples "Every Step" plays ]
♪ every step ♪
♪ of the way ♪
♪ I found grace ♪
♪ if I lead ♪
- Commander Kushan?
- [ Knock on box ]
Woman:
More on this breaking story.
Just hours
after Anneca Oil's announcement
that the company
is shutting down its pipeline
comes this surprising
development.
The government and French
oil conglomerate Savillion
have reached a deal
to nationalize
a brand-new pipeline.
The deal.
said to be worth billions.
should gain easy approval
and will be finalized
within days.
♪ of the way ♪
♪ I found grace ♪
I never saw it coming.
I knew you had to have
an angle.
Elizabeth Keen.
this is Claude Hippeau.
Senior Vice President
of Savillion.
Enchanté.
You were having drinks together
the day we arrived.
You knew exactly
what was gonna happen.
I had an inkling.
Au revoir. mon ami.
[ Smooches ]
[ Pats back ]
Give my regards to the wife--
and the mistress.
That's why you wanted Anneca
to abandon the pipeline.
to clear the way for another
company to get the contract?
You say that
as if it's a bad thing.
Anneca shuts down operations.
the victims
are well compensated.
maybe get a little justice.
a new firm is poised to deliver
a state-of-the-art pipeline--
everybody wins.
You get a payday from Savillion
for making it happen.
Vive la France.
[ Smacks lips ]
♪ every step ♪
[ Knock on door ]
♪ of the way ♪
Hey.
- [ Door closes ]
- Did you find anything?
No.
I mean. uh. yes.
Looks like some kind of
beta technology.
A recording device.
I'm thinking it's late '80s.
early '90s.
But how it works.
what it does...
I don't have the faintest idea.
♪ lonely ♪
♪ and lonely ♪
[ Door opens ]
♪ lose my way ♪
Have you spoken to
Mr. Reddington about this?
No.
But he might have
some insights.
You have to tell me--
promise me
you will not talk to Reddington
about this.
Mum's the word.
[ Door closes ]
We got a deal. right?
No jail time if I testify?
You're not gonna believe
what I have to say.
Tell me about Elizabeth Keen.
Sync and corrections by n17t01
www.addic7ed.com
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-